cards.cpp is a code I wrote for an assignment in my Data Structures class. The purpose of the assignment was to create a code that would read in, the name of a card holder, the value of the card, and the suit of the card, and then output the names in order of their card rank in decreasing order. The order is based on traditional card rules where 2 is considered the lowest rank and Ace is considered the highest. When two names have the same card value, the order is determined by suit where Spades > Hearts > Diamonds > Clubs. The program reads from standard input by first reading in an integer that represents the number of expected entries, followed by the entries of the card holders' names and cards. (Face cards are denoted by their first character. Ex: Ace = A or a) The sorted names a displayed and the program continues until it is given a negative number as the number of expected entries. Input.txt is provided as a sample of what input would look like and Output.txt is what its expected output should be.

For this assignment, our class was instructed that we would most likely need to implement two different sorting algorithms, one for card values and another for suit. This would potentially have a time complexity of n squared. I instead created a program that used a nested map to store the data in a sorted manner from the start. This in return would not only decrease the worst case time complexity to log(n) squared but it would also reduce the size of n because instead of creating a data structure with at least thirteen indexes, the map only contains a key for each entry of a card holder.
