For the 2017 Hesburgh Hackathon I worked on a team of four comprised of Taylor Henandez, Tommy Lynch, Lars Rucker, and myself. We created a system capable of generating and processing big data on how many seats, including their types, were currently in use at the University of Notre Dame at any given moment. We used an ESP8266 as a microcontroller that we put together in order to convert serial to usb and send a command over wifi. The microcontroller worked by sending a curl command, like the ones used in the SetDweets shell script, whenever a button was pressed. A LED light was also implemented on the microcontroller to signal which command was most recently sent. The light was on when indicating that the microcontroller had sent a signal stating that its corresponding seat was taken, and off to indicate that it was open. This was meant to show that by implementing one of these microcontrollers at every seat would allow the creation data on which seats were currently available to students and where they were. 

We then wrote a python script that called another python script called getVals.py, which would get the current data from dweet.io using parallel processing and save the seat count of each type in the room requested to a text file. The main python script would then read that text file in order to process which seats were open and taken. We created a GUI using the kivy package in order to model and show this data. 

In order to see how this works, first run the SetDweets.sh script. This simulates the state of 91 buttons by uploading JSON entries to dweet.io. Then run the openSeat.py script and a GUI will open which shows the data of what seats are open and what type of seats they are. For the Hackathon, the microcontroller we made could be pressed in order to send a JSON to dweet.io and the results in the GUI would update in 1.3 seconds without ever having to re-run the script.

For the Hackathon, we only modeled data for the 12th floor of the library and the Center for Digital Scholarship so those are the only two options that produce output in the GUI.
